[Music]
imagine you're a Titanic passenger but
wait I imagine today you are a Titanic
passenger even better
a Titanic passenger in an RPG no not
that much RPG okay that's better so you
gotta escape and survive or meet the
fate of so many others your life is in
your hands first
let's choose a character shall we hmm
not this one ah there you go
and we begin you peacefully sleep in
your cabin aboard the Titanic when all
of a sudden boom something's crashed
into the ship what do you do stay in
wait or go outside and check what's up
decide now
you can't stand aside while there could
still be people needing help you go
inside the ship and start knocking on
all cabins doors calling for passengers
who stay behind you run and run
forgetting about time and that's a grave
mistake you feel another boom as if the
ship's collided with something again and
the impact knocks you over here let's
use another powerup to get you on your
feet there might still be hope you run
on deck but yet another crash throws you
off your feet and the floor under you
lurches you try to get a hold onto
something but it's no use
there are shouts from outside and water
is rushing into the ship having made
sure that the lifeboat is fine you run
to the other side of Titanic you choose
the longer but safer route which is
along the outside perimeter via the
stern of the ship but then another hit
makes the Titanic shudder and its floor
starts going from under your feet you
try to hang on but the stern just where
you stand
suddenly breaks off and falls into the
water and all you see before it goes
dark is a huge wave coming your way
[Music]
you get on deck where a crowd of
frightened people has already gathered
somewhere the ships band is playing
music the crew are trying to calm
everyone down but they look as if
they're at a loss themselves then
someone gives a signal and the crew
starts untying the lifeboats
the orders are clear though women and
children go first
what's your reaction
you get back to the cabin and wait as
you've been told soon someone from the
crew knocks on your door and tells you
that the ships sinking and all
passengers are requested to come up on
deck and wait for further instructions
do you trust them or not
so you're not a trusting type after all
huh you stay in your bunk and cover up
with sheets hoping it will all resolve
by itself sadly it's not going to soon
you feel a mighty crash as if the ship's
collided with something again then in a
couple of minutes another hit follows
and in a few more moments you see water
rising outside your window and flowing
into your cabin you look around and hop
inside the boat where it's already
swinging on its way down I don't blame
you your life is as important as
anyone's not everyone shares this
sentiment though and you feel quite a
few angry eyes on yourself but you can't
go back even if you wanted to the
lifeboat is already afloat with twenty
women and children two ship's crew
members on the oars and you your boat
floats away from the sinking ship you
look at your watch it's 2:15 a.m. the
Titanic suddenly breaks apart its stern
section falling off and the wave throws
your boat up everyone hangs on though
and you safely float on looking at the
great sinking Steam liner and somewhere
far off another ship is signaling its
approach you're safe
[Music]
you stay inside the cabin covering
yourself with bedsheets nothing happens
for a while but then someone knocks on
your door you hop up and open it there's
a member of the ship's crew
he says the Titanic has hit an iceberg
and is now sinking so all passengers are
requested to come up on deck and wait
for further instructions what's your
next move
you jump up from the bed and try to open
the door to look outside oh no it seems
to be locked what should you do let me
help you out here there here's a powerup
and the door is open good there are
people hurrying somewhere all of them
belonging to the ship's crew you catch
one of them by the sleeve and ask him
what happened but he only shrugs and
tells you to stay in the cabin until
further notice it's up to you to decide
though
you're impatient to find out what the
matter is so you wait until everyone's
gone and follow them to the deck you
bend over the guardrail and look over
board and what you see is horrible
there's a huge gash in the hall at the
front of the ship and behind the Titanic
is an enormous iceberg you run back
inside and stumble into the ship's crew
who tells you to get back on deck will
you listen to them or go help other
passengers
you're a good person
you help the crew seat the women and
children into the lifeboats and calm
down other passengers then a new boom
crashes through the ship don't panic
here's a powerup for you to stay focused
there you go you keep your calm and help
prevent the panic among others when the
last kid has been loaded into the last
lifeboat you see their space for one
more person what are you going to do
with it
[Music]
having made sure that the lifeboat is
fine you run to the other side of the
Titanic you choose the shortest route
through the inner part of it closer to
the stern but then another crash
resonates through the ship and knocks
you over the floor lurches and you try
to hang on here there power up in stock
for you good
you've managed to cling to the wall
there are screams from outside and the
sound of water you see it float inside
where you are but thankfully there's not
much of it you finally reach the other
side of the ship and look at your watch
it's 2:15 a.m. you see that the stern of
the Titanic has broken off and the last
lifeboat has just been deployed you run
as fast as you can but you don't reach
it in time to hop off there's no choice
left you jump into the icy water it's
freezing and the air is immediately
beaten out from your lungs but then
someone's hands hook you under your arms
and tug you into safety
you're inside the lifeboat other
passengers cover you with what they have
to warm you up the Titanic is quickly
sinking and there's a long horn blowing
somewhere far off soon you'll learn is
the RMS Carpathia you're safe
[Music]
you
hey if you learn something new today
like stay away from icebergs in the
North Atlantic then give the video a
like and share with a friend and here
are some other videos I think you'll
enjoy just click to the left or right
and remember stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]